Specifically, you will need to be able to:

Find all ratings for a movie by id
Find the average rating for a movie by id
Find the name of a movie by id ✓
Find all ratings for a user
Write methods to handle the above use cases, and then write some
    tests and load in some test data to ensure they work.

Step 2
You need to be able to load in movie and rating data. Using the csv module,
    write a module that will load in the the user data from u.user,
        the movie data from u.item, and the rating data from u.info.

Step 3
The easiest way to recommend movies is to recommend the most popular movies.
    Write a program to show the top X movies by average rating with their
    rating. You need to be able to state a minimum number of ratings for a
    movie to be considered.

    Now, create the ability to find the top X movies by average rating
    that a specific user has not rated. This allows you to suggest popular
     movies for a specific user.

Step 4
Popular movies are not really good enough on their own. What would be great is
    a way to match two users by their tastes. You need to create the ability
    to take two users and find their similarity. There's a few ways to do this.
    We'll focus on the Euclidean distance. If you have a list of movie ratings
     for user 1 (v) and a list for user 2 (w), where each list is made up of
     ratings for movies they've both seen in the same order, then you can use
     this formula:

    def euclidean_distance(v, w):
        """Given two lists, give the Euclidean distance between them on a scale
        of 0 to 1. 1 means the two lists are identical.
        """

        # Guard against empty lists.
        if len(v) is 0:
            return 0

        # Note that this is the same as vector subtraction.
        differences = [v[idx] - w[idx] for idx in range(len(v))]
        squares = [diff ** 2 for diff in differences]
        sum_of_squares = sum(squares)

        return 1 / (1 + math.sqrt(sum_of_squares))


Step 5
Now that you can calculate the similarity between two users, add a new ability.
    Given a list of all users, find the users most similar to a specific user,
    and then recommend the highest rated movies from those users that the specific
    user hasn't seen.

    A good formula for figuring out movies that user might like the most is
    similarity * rating.

Step 6

Put this all together! The interface is up to you. You may want to have one program
    that presents a menu system so you can see top overall movies, popular movies
    you haven't seen (you'll have to give your user id), or recommendations
    specific to you.

    Another option would be a command-line program that takes arguments on the
    command line. Look at the argparse library for this. You might make multiple
    programs, like so:

    popular_movies.py -- returns a table of popular movies, takes a user_id argument
        to filter out movies that user has seen
    recommendations.py -- returns a table of recommended movies for a user
Advanced Mode (optional)
    In addition to all of the above:

    Implement the Pearson correlation score as well as Euclidean distance. Try both
    and find out which gives you better results.
    We currently recommend movies by finding similar users. Turn your data around to
        find similar movies based on their reviews from users. Add the ability to choose
        a movie by id and see the movies that are most like it and most not like it.
    Try out your program with the MovieLens 1M, 10M, and 20M datasets.
    Think of something new and make it happen! There's a lot of data that comes with MovieLens.
